# IntroToProg-Python-Mod08

  This application was created to track and modify employee rating information. The program first reads a json file with current employee data. The program user then interacts with a menu that contains four different options. The first option displays the current employee rating data that is read from the json file. The second option allows the user to enter new employee information (first name, last name, employee review date, and employee rating). The third option saves the employee information to a json file. The fourth option ends the program. 
  
  The program was created using object-oriented programming and separations of concern principles (SoC). There are seven modules in this program, each designated to handle critical parts of the application. The “main.py” module serves as the entry point for the application and orchestrates the flow of execution by interacting with other code modules. The “data_classes.py” module is responsible for handling all the data-related operations, such as variables, constants, and classes for Person and Employee. The “processing_classes.py” module is responsible for processing data and works directly with the “EmployeeRatings.json” file. The “presentation_classes.py” module focuses on displaying information to the user and capturing user input. 
  
  Unit testing is included in the program to inspect the individual building blocks of each class to ensure the integrity of the whole program. The data, presentation, and processing modules are each tested in separate modules using the unittest framework: “test_data_classes.py”; “test_presentation_classes.py”; “test_processing_classes.py”. 
By breaking down our program into self-contained modules, we enhanced the maintainability and scalability of the program. This structure improves readability and streamlines any future modifications to the program. By following the principles of SoC, software developers can continue to build this program to include additional information, such as employee salaries and promotions. 

